Who the hell are you?
Ask Yama
Wait a minute don't violate
You can't kill me!
You kill me!
Lao Tzu hits people in the back
He'll never let you go.
What means does he have, let him use it
I solve it all
The subordinates are late
Please also punish
Clean up here
Investigate as soon as possible
Who is the person behind Zhang Shaojun?
extraordinary
Thank you. If you hadn't arrived in time today
I'm afraid I'd be dead long ago.
I might as well save your life today
I have finished reporting Shen Jiadeng.
From Now On
I have nothing to do with your Shen family
extraordinary
I'm sorry, I misunderstood you before.
I've made you suffer so much
I don't have to
Our engagement is over
From Now On
We have nothing to do with each other.
Sorry.
It was my fault before
Shake gently
How have you been?
start
How are you doing?
You scared mom to death
Mom, don't worry, I'm fine.
Thanks to Extraordinary being there in time to save me
Save him save you
They've done you a good job.
Mom really saved me
Ye Feifan, you broom star
If it weren't for you
My daughter won't be kidnapped either
Let me tell you something.
Get out of here
Stop stalking my daughter all day
You can't
Mom, you misunderstood that the thieves are scattered, shut up for me
The young ones are turning out with their arms
Did I hurt you in vain?
As long as I live
This trash will never enter my Shen family half a step